DOC-1790: Schema Registry Metadata Properties (#1690)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/reference/pages/rpk/rpk-registry/rpk-registry-schema-create.adoc

|--id |int |Optional schema ID to use when creating the schema in import mode (default `-1`).

> |-p, --metadata-properties |stringArray |Schema metadata properties as key=value pairs or JSON (e.g., `{"key":"value"}`). You can pass this flag multiple times.

Author: ```suggestion
|-p, --metadata-properties |stringArray |Schema metadata properties as key=value pairs or JSON (for example, `{"key":"value"}`). You can pass this flag multiple times.
```
